feat: debug pkg (#21)
ignite/apps: test/debug/README.md

# debug

> This package is a helper for you can debug your app outside the Ignite using devel or another debuger.

Reviewer: If it makes sense maybe something like:

```suggestion
This package is a helper that you could use to debug your Ignite App by running it as a standalone binary independently of Ignite CLI.
```
